Add a document describing Hyperscaler Account Pool (#870)
kyma-incubator/compass: docs/kyma-environment-broker/03-03-hyperscaler-account-pool.md

> # Hyperscaler Account Pool

Reviewer: Just an idea - this seems to be quite important, many components interact - maybe (some day) add a simple diagram to illustrate what calls what and what is stored where?

​

> When provisioning clusters through Gardener with the Runtime Provisioner, the Kyma Environment Broker (KEB) requires a hyperscaler (GCP, Azure, AWS, etc.) account/subscription, but setting it up is outside of the Runtime Provisioner's scope. In order for the user to be able to easily provision Kyma clusters, Hyperscaler Account Pool was created. 

Reviewer: I'd turn it around a bit. 

- To provision clusters through Gardener using the Runtime provisioner, the KEB requires a hyperscaler account. Managing the available hyperscaler accounts is not in the scope of the KEB. Instead, the available accounts are stored/handled by the HAP.

> The HAP stores credentials for the hyperscaler accounts that have been set up in advance in Kubernetes Secrets. The credentials are stored separately for each provider and tenant. The content of the credentials Secrets may vary for different use cases. The Secrets are labeled with the **hyperscaler-type** and **tenant-name** labels to manage pools of credentials for use by the provisioning process. This way, the in-use credentials and unassigned credentials available for use are tracked. Only the **hyperscaler-type** label is added during Secret creation, and the **tenant-name** label is added when the account respective for a given Secret is claimed. The Hyperscaler Account Pool is unaware of the Secrets' content.

Reviewer: The Hyperscaler Account Pool is unaware of the Secrets' content. -> This sounds kinda funky, what do you think about rephrasing this using "opaque"? As in: The contents of the Secrets are opaque to the HAP.

> It contains credentials for the hyperscaler accounts that have been set up in advance, stored in Kubernetes Secrets. The credentials are stored separately for each provider and each tenant. The content of the credentials Secrets may vary for different use cases. The Secrets are labeled with the **hyperscaler-type** and **tenant-name** labels to manage pools of credentials for use by the provisioning process. This way, the in-use and unassigned credentials (i.e. credentials available for use) are tracked. Only the **hyperscaler-type** label is added during Secret creation, and the **tenant-name** label is added when the account respective for a given Secret is claimed. The Hyperscaler Account Pool is unaware of the Secrets' content.

Reviewer: The HAP stores the credentials for hyperscaler accounts that have been set up in advance as Kubernetes Secrets.

> It contains credentials for the hyperscaler accounts that have been set up in advance, stored in Kubernetes Secrets. The credentials are stored separately for each provider and each tenant. The content of the credentials Secrets may vary for different use cases. The Secrets are labeled with the **hyperscaler-type** and **tenant-name** labels to manage pools of credentials for use by the provisioning process. This way, the in-use and unassigned credentials (i.e. credentials available for use) are tracked. Only the **hyperscaler-type** label is added during Secret creation, and the **tenant-name** label is added when the account respective for a given Secret is claimed. The Hyperscaler Account Pool is unaware of the Secrets' content.

Reviewer: The credentials are stored separately for each provider and each tenant. -> `The credentials are stored separately for each provider and tenant.

> It contains credentials for the hyperscaler accounts that have been set up in advance, stored in Kubernetes Secrets. The credentials are stored separately for each provider and each tenant. The content of the credentials Secrets may vary for different use cases. The Secrets are labeled with the **hyperscaler-type** and **tenant-name** labels to manage pools of credentials for use by the provisioning process. This way, the in-use and unassigned credentials (i.e. credentials available for use) are tracked. Only the **hyperscaler-type** label is added during Secret creation, and the **tenant-name** label is added when the account respective for a given Secret is claimed. The Hyperscaler Account Pool is unaware of the Secrets' content.

Reviewer: (i.e. credentials available for use) -> I'd rephrase this sentence to get rid of the parenthesis.

> The Secrets are stored in the Gardener Kubernetes cluster. They are available within a given Gardener project specified in the KEB and Runtime Provisioner configuration. This configuration uses a `kubeconfig` that gives KEB and the Runtime Provisioner access to the Gardener cluster, which, in turn, enables access to those Secrets. 

Reviewer: This again - I think that it's important to specify which Gardener cluster stores the Secrets. I can imagine ppl getting confused and thinking that these secrets are replicated to each provisioned cluster - after all, these are "Gardener Kubernetes clusters" too, right?

> The Secrets are stored in the Gardener Kubernetes cluster. They are available within a given Gardener project specified in the KEB and Runtime Provisioner configuration. This configuration uses a kubeconfig that gives KEB and the Runtime Provisioner access to the mentioned Gardener cluster, which enables access to those Secrets. 

Reviewer: Gardener has two cluster types - shoot and seed. Which one stores the Secrets? I guess seed?

> The Secrets are stored in the Gardener Kubernetes cluster. They are available within a given Gardener project specified in the KEB and Runtime Provisioner configuration. This configuration uses a kubeconfig that gives KEB and the Runtime Provisioner access to the mentioned Gardener cluster, which enables access to those Secrets. 

Reviewer: kubeconfig -> `kubeconfig`

> The Secrets are stored in the Gardener Kubernetes cluster. They are available within a given Gardener project specified in the KEB and Runtime Provisioner configuration. This configuration uses a kubeconfig that gives KEB and the Runtime Provisioner access to the mentioned Gardener cluster, which enables access to those Secrets. 

Reviewer: "mentioned Gardener cluster" - meh :(

When a new cluster is provisioned, the Runtime Provisioner queries for a Secret based on the **tenant-name** and **hyperscaler-type** labels. 

> If a Secret is found, the Runtime Provisioner uses the credentials stored in this Secret. If a matching Secret is not found, the user queries again for an unassigned Secret (i.e. a Secret without the **tenant-name** label) and adds the **tenant-name** label to claim the account and use the credentials for provisioning. 

Reviewer: If a matching Secret is not found, the **user** queries -> don't you mean the runtime provisioner? The previous sentence would suggest that

> If a Secret is found, the Runtime Provisioner uses the credentials stored in this Secret. If a matching Secret is not found, the user queries again for an unassigned Secret (i.e. a Secret without the **tenant-name** label) and adds the **tenant-name** label to claim the account and use the credentials for provisioning. 

Reviewer: (i.e. a Secret without the **tenant-name** label) -> I'd rephrase this sentence to get rid of the parenthesis.

One tenant can use only one account per given hyperscaler type.

> This is an example Kubernetes Secret storing hyperscaler credentials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example of a Kubernetes Secret that stores hyperscaler credentials:
```
